then Jehoshaphat the king of Judah
then Jehoshaphat the king of Judah returned safely to his house in
returned safely to his house in
returned safely to his house in Jerusalem and GU the son of Hanani the
Jerusalem and GU the son of Hanani the
Jerusalem and GU the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him and said to
seer went out to meet him and said to
seer went out to meet him and said to King Jehoshaphat should you help the
King Jehoshaphat should you help the
King Jehoshaphat should you help the wicked and love those who hate the Lord
wicked and love those who hate the Lord
wicked and love those who hate the Lord therefore the wrath of the Lord is upon
therefore the wrath of the Lord is upon
therefore the wrath of the Lord is upon you nevertheless good things are found
you nevertheless good things are found
you nevertheless good things are found in you in that you have removed the
in you in that you have removed the
in you in that you have removed the wooden images from the land and have
wooden images from the land and have
wooden images from the land and have prepared your heart to seek God
prepared your heart to seek God
prepared your heart to seek God so Jehoshaphat dwelt at Jerusalem and he
so Jehoshaphat dwelt at Jerusalem and he
so Jehoshaphat dwelt at Jerusalem and he went out again among the people from
went out again among the people from
went out again among the people from Beersheba to the mountains of Ephraim
Beersheba to the mountains of Ephraim
Beersheba to the mountains of Ephraim and brought them back to the Lord God of
and brought them back to the Lord God of
and brought them back to the Lord God of their fathers
their fathers
their fathers then he set judges in the land
then he set judges in the land
then he set judges in the land throughout all the fortified cities of
throughout all the fortified cities of
throughout all the fortified cities of Judah city by city and said to the
Judah city by city and said to the
Judah city by city and said to the judges take heed to what you are doing
judges take heed to what you are doing
judges take heed to what you are doing for you do not judge for man but for the
for you do not judge for man but for the
for you do not judge for man but for the Lord who is with you in the judgement
Lord who is with you in the judgement
Lord who is with you in the judgement now therefore let the fear of the Lord
now therefore let the fear of the Lord
now therefore let the fear of the Lord be upon you take care and do it for
be upon you take care and do it for
be upon you take care and do it for there is no iniquity with the Lord our
there is no iniquity with the Lord our
there is no iniquity with the Lord our God no partiality not taking of bribes
God no partiality not taking of bribes
God no partiality not taking of bribes or / in Jerusalem for the judgment of
or / in Jerusalem for the judgment of
or / in Jerusalem for the judgment of the Lord and for controversies
the Lord and for controversies
the Lord and for controversies Jehoshaphat appointed some of the
Jehoshaphat appointed some of the
Jehoshaphat appointed some of the Levites and priests and some of the
Levites and priests and some of the
Levites and priests and some of the chief fathers of Israel when they
chief fathers of Israel when they
chief fathers of Israel when they returned to Jerusalem and he commanded
returned to Jerusalem and he commanded
returned to Jerusalem and he commanded them thus you shall act in the fear of
them thus you shall act in the fear of
them thus you shall act in the fear of the Lord faithfully and with a lawyer
the Lord faithfully and with a lawyer
the Lord faithfully and with a lawyer heart whatever case comes to you from
heart whatever case comes to you from
heart whatever case comes to you from your brethren who dwell in their cities
your brethren who dwell in their cities
your brethren who dwell in their cities whether a bloodshed or offenses against
whether a bloodshed or offenses against
whether a bloodshed or offenses against law or commandment against statutes or
law or commandment against statutes or
law or commandment against statutes or ordinances you shall warn them lest they
ordinances you shall warn them lest they
ordinances you shall warn them lest they trespass against the Lord and wrath come
trespass against the Lord and wrath come
trespass against the Lord and wrath come upon you and your brother in due
upon you and your brother in due
upon you and your brother in due this and you will not be guilty and take
this and you will not be guilty and take
this and you will not be guilty and take notice a Mariah the chief priest is over
notice a Mariah the chief priest is over
notice a Mariah the chief priest is over you in all matters of the Lord and
you in all matters of the Lord and
you in all matters of the Lord and zebediah the son of Ishmael the ruler of
zebediah the son of Ishmael the ruler of
zebediah the son of Ishmael the ruler of the house of Judah for all the kings
the house of Judah for all the kings
the house of Judah for all the kings matters also the Levites will be
matters also the Levites will be
matters also the Levites will be officials before you behaved
officials before you behaved
officials before you behaved courageously and the Lord will be with
courageously and the Lord will be with
courageously and the Lord will be with the good